Add a basic fuzz testing harness for Dilithium2 (#1905)
open-quantum-safe/liboqs: docs/FUZZING.md

# Fuzzing

Fuzz testing is an automated software testing method that injects invalid, 
malformed, or unexpected inputs to reveal defects and vulnerabilities. A fuzzing 
tool monitors the system for exceptions like crashes, information leakage, or 
errors, helping developers identify and fix bugs and security loopholes.

## Current state of fuzzing in liboqs
- [ ] kem 
  - [ ] bike.md
  - [ ] classic_mceliece.md
  - [ ] frodokem.md
  - [ ] hqc.md
  - [ ] kyber.md
  - [ ] ml_kem.md
  - [ ] ntruprime.md
- [ ] sig

>   - [x] dilithium.md

Reviewer: Only dilithium2; I'd refrain from doing an "x" here

Reviewer 2: Done

  - [ ] falcon.md
  - [ ] mayo.md
  - [ ] ml_dsa.md
  - [ ] sphincs.md
- [ ] sig_stfl
  - [ ] lms.md
  - [ ] sig_stfl.md
  - [ ] xmss.md

## Building and running fuzz tests

Building fuzz tests is very similar to building normally with some optional
steps to target different types of bugs. The most basic ways to build the
fuzz tests is as follows;

```bash

> $ mkdir build && cd build

Reviewer 3: Another minor point: the dollar signs look nice but make it annoying to copy/paste shell commands (especially multiline blocks).

Reviewer 2: Done

$ cmake -GNinja ..  -DOQS_BUILD_FUZZ_TESTS=ON
$ ninja -j$(nproc)
```

You'll now be able to run a fuzz test e.g.
```bash

> $ ./tests/fuzz_test_dilithium2

Reviewer 3: Same applies here.

Reviewer 2: Done

#9764	NEW    cov: 4 ft: 708 corp: 100/318b lim: 43 exec/s: 9764 rss: 362Mb L: 41/41 MS: 4 EraseBytes-InsertRepeatedBytes-CMP-ChangeBit- DE: "\0004m\372"-
...
```
The fuzzer will run indefinetely or;
- until it finds a bug and crashes,
- you manually stop the fuzzer i.e. CTRL-C
- you set a timeout using the command line.

For more details on the available command line args please consult the [libfuzzer docs](https://llvm.org/docs/LibFuzzer.html).

## Sanitizers

> It is a common pattern to combine fuzzing with various sanitizer's to catch different bugs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is a common pattern to combine fuzzing with various sanitizers to catch different bugs.
```

> One of the simpler sanitizer's is using the fuzzing sanitizer that will instrument the code

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
One of the simpler sanitizers is the fuzzing sanitizer, which will instrument the code
```

for coverage driven fuzzing. To enable this simply add this to your environment variables
before configuring cmake;

```
export CFLAGS=-fsanitize=fuzzer-no-link
```

It is common to combine the fuzzer sanitizer with either the [address](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/AddressSanitizer.html)
or the [undefined behaviour sanitizer](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer.html). To

> add these simple add the relevant flags to BOTH the CFLAGS and LDFLAGS e.g.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
add these simply add the relevant flags to BOTH the CFLAGS and LDFLAGS e.g.
```

```
export CFLAGS=-fsanitize=fuzzer-no-link,address
export LDFLAGS=-fsanitize=address
```

Then rerun cmake as normal i.e.
```bash

> $ mkdir build && cd build

Reviewer 3: Same as above re. use of $.

Reviewer 2: Done

# Fuzzing

Fuzz testing is an automated software testing method that injects invalid, 
malformed, or unexpected inputs to reveal defects and vulnerabilities. A fuzzing 
tool monitors the system for exceptions like crashes, information leakage, or 
errors, helping developers identify and fix bugs and security loopholes.

## Current state of fuzzing in liboqs
- [ ] kem 
  - [ ] bike
  - [ ] classic_mceliece
  - [ ] frodokem
  - [ ] hqc
  - [ ] kyber
  - [ ] ml_kem
  - [ ] ntruprime
- [ ] sig
  - [ ] dilithium

>     - [ ] dilithium1
>     - [x] dilithium2

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [x] dilithium2
    - [ ] dilithium3
    - [ ] dilithium5
```

Reviewer 2: Is there a dilithium4?

Reviewer 2: I've incorporated this change into the original commit leaving out dilithium4, as after some searching it doesn't look like it exists.
